Target size feature (#248)
cloudfour/pleasantest: docs/errors/target-size.md

> # Error: Cannot click element that is too small

Author: ❤️ this document 😃

## Background/Intent

> This error is intended to encourage developers and designers to use target sizes that are large enough for users to easily click.

Author: ```suggestion
This error is intended to encourage developers and designers to use target sizes that are large enough for users to easily click or touch.
```

## Implementation

Pleasantest implements the target size check as a part of [actionability checks](../../README.md#actionability). Target size is checked when `user.click()` is called.

Inline elements are not checked, based on the reasoning used [by the W3C](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/target-size.html#intent).

Elements must be at least 44px × 44px in order to pass the check (or whatever the configured target size is).

### Configuring the minimum target size

Setting the `targetSize` option changes the minimum width/height (in px) used to check elements when `user.click` is called. The `targetSize` option can be passed in several places to control the scope of the change:

**On an individual call**:

```ts
await user.click(button, { targetSize: 30 /* px */ });
```

**For a single test**:

```ts
test(
  'test name',
  withBrowser(
    {
      user: {
        targetSize: 30 /* px */,
      },
    },
    async ({ user }) => {
      await user.click(something);
    },
  ),
);
```

**For a test file**:

```ts
import { configureDefaults } from 'pleasantest';

configureDefaults({
  user: { targetSize: 50 /* px */ },
});

> ```

Author: These examples are _super_ helpful, thanks, @calebeby! 🎉

**For all test files**

[Configure Jest to run a setup file before all tests](https://jestjs.io/docs/configuration#setupfilesafterenv-array) (usually called `jest.setup.ts` or `jest.setup.js`) and add the same `configureDefaults` call there, so it is applied to all tests.

## Making the error go away

### Approach 1: Increasing the target size

> Much of the time, increasing the target size is the correct solution to the problem. By doing this, you are making your site more accessible to users. Usually, increasing `padding` or setting a `min-width`/`min-height` is the easiest way to ensure an element is large enough.

Author: I was wondering if we might include helpful resources? Like this one: https://css-tricks.com/looking-at-wcag-2-5-5-for-better-target-sizes/

> Much of the time, increasing the target size is the correct solution to the problem. By doing this, you are making your site more accessible to users. Usually, increasing `padding` or setting a `min-width`/`min-height` is the easiest way to ensure an element is large enough.

Author: What do you think about this suggestion? 🙂 
```suggestion
Much of the time, increasing the target size is the correct solution to the problem. By doing this, you are creating a more inclusive user experience. Usually, increasing `padding` or setting a `min-width`/`min-height` is the easiest way to ensure an element's target size is large enough.
```
